New issue

Have a question about this project? Sign up for a free GitHub account to open an issue and contact its maintainers and the community.

By clicking “Sign up for GitHub”, you agree to our terms of service and privacy statement. We’ll occasionally send you account related emails.

Already on GitHub? Sign in to your account

Interest in helping setup a San Francisco NodeSchool Chapter #92

Closed
duquet opened this Issue Dec 16, 2014 · 47 comments

Comments

Projects
None yet
@duquet

duquet commented Dec 16, 2014

Hi, I would like to start a nodeschool chapter for San Francisco. I am @aduquet on twitter and work at NerdWallet as a contract Recruiter. I will be co-organizing this chapter with nerdwallet. I have been using Node.js for 1 month and would like to help others learn as well.

@maxogden

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@maxogden

maxogden Dec 16, 2014

Contributor

@duquet hiya! I know there are some others who have expressed interested in helping with a SF chapter. I'll cc some of them.

cc @mattpardee @agminusthev @dshaw @llkats

anyone have thoughts on format/meeting frequency and where it would be hosted?

feel free to CC others as well

Contributor

maxogden commented Dec 16, 2014

@duquet hiya! I know there are some others who have expressed interested in helping with a SF chapter. I'll cc some of them.

cc @mattpardee @agminusthev @dshaw @llkats

anyone have thoughts on format/meeting frequency and where it would be hosted?

feel free to CC others as well

@groundwater

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@groundwater

groundwater Dec 16, 2014

I can offer the New Relic offices, and other assistance when necessary. I will admit I'm a bad organizer, but am a decent host (I hope @maxogden agrees).

We actually have a classroom-style room that can be booked.

I'm also available to help at other locations as a mentor.

I can offer the New Relic offices, and other assistance when necessary. I will admit I'm a bad organizer, but am a decent host (I hope @maxogden agrees).

We actually have a classroom-style room that can be booked.

I'm also available to help at other locations as a mentor.

@terinjokes

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@terinjokes

terinjokes Dec 16, 2014

I would like to help out if someone wants to organize :)

I would like to help out if someone wants to organize :)

@jedireza

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@jedireza

jedireza Dec 16, 2014

Member

Count me in. I'm available to help as a mentor in both SF and Oakland.

Member

jedireza commented Dec 16, 2014

Count me in. I'm available to help as a mentor in both SF and Oakland.

@linclark

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@linclark

linclark Dec 16, 2014

I can mentor when I'm in town :)

I can mentor when I'm in town :)

@RichardLitt

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
Member

RichardLitt commented Dec 16, 2014

In.

@agminusthev

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@agminusthev

agminusthev Dec 16, 2014

I'm not sure what organizational requirements go into creating a NodeSchool event but I'd be happy to help.

What time frame were you thinking @groundwater @maxogden? Q1 2015?

I'm not sure what organizational requirements go into creating a NodeSchool event but I'd be happy to help.

What time frame were you thinking @groundwater @maxogden? Q1 2015?

@duquet

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@duquet

duquet Dec 16, 2014

Maybe I should attend another existing NodeSchool Chapter event and then take advantage of New Relic training room from @groundwater unless someone else would like to advise. For example, do we offer food/drink sponsorships? What days/times work best?

@groundwater - if I can figure out what the organizational requirements are, could you be the main host/mentor and/or recommend anyone for maybe Q1 2015?

duquet commented Dec 16, 2014

Maybe I should attend another existing NodeSchool Chapter event and then take advantage of New Relic training room from @groundwater unless someone else would like to advise. For example, do we offer food/drink sponsorships? What days/times work best?

@groundwater - if I can figure out what the organizational requirements are, could you be the main host/mentor and/or recommend anyone for maybe Q1 2015?

@imurchie

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@imurchie

imurchie Dec 16, 2014

I'd be happy to help out, organizationally as well as as a mentor. Unfortunately I cannot offer space (we're running low as it is).

I'd be happy to help out, organizationally as well as as a mentor. Unfortunately I cannot offer space (we're running low as it is).

@llkats

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@llkats

llkats Dec 16, 2014

Also in as a student/mentor; might also be able to offer space at craigslist. I like to think that I'm a good organizer, so keep me posted. 😀

llkats commented Dec 16, 2014

Also in as a student/mentor; might also be able to offer space at craigslist. I like to think that I'm a good organizer, so keep me posted. 😀

@bengl

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@bengl

bengl Dec 17, 2014

Throwing my hat in as a mentor. Can also help w/ organizational efforts.

bengl commented Dec 17, 2014

Throwing my hat in as a mentor. Can also help w/ organizational efforts.

@johnmarkos

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@johnmarkos

johnmarkos Dec 17, 2014

Hello! I'm happy to help as a mentor/perpetual student as well.

Hello! I'm happy to help as a mentor/perpetual student as well.

@cantremember

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@cantremember

cantremember Dec 17, 2014

it'd be good to have an SF Chapter. i'd be happy to be a mentor. i'd also be happy to help with organizational efforts

it'd be good to have an SF Chapter. i'd be happy to be a mentor. i'd also be happy to help with organizational efforts

@tlhunter

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@tlhunter

tlhunter Dec 17, 2014

I've helped mentor upcoming developers in the past and would love to lend a hand for an SF NS.

I've helped mentor upcoming developers in the past and would love to lend a hand for an SF NS.

@dshaw

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@dshaw

dshaw Dec 17, 2014

I'm certain we could combine forces occasionally with SFNode to do joint events. We put a lot of effort upfront with SFNode to make sure we built out a strong core contributor group before we started kicking off events. There's 3-5x time and effort that goes into running these things.

dshaw commented Dec 17, 2014

I'm certain we could combine forces occasionally with SFNode to do joint events. We put a lot of effort upfront with SFNode to make sure we built out a strong core contributor group before we started kicking off events. There's 3-5x time and effort that goes into running these things.

@dshaw

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@dshaw

dshaw Dec 17, 2014

Also, excuse me for stating the obvious, but recruiting + NodeSchool makes my skin crawl a bit. @duquet, you're going to have to be very careful to balance your interests here.

dshaw commented Dec 17, 2014

Also, excuse me for stating the obvious, but recruiting + NodeSchool makes my skin crawl a bit. @duquet, you're going to have to be very careful to balance your interests here.

@duquet

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@duquet

duquet Dec 17, 2014

@dshaw, Understood and appreciated. I have no intention of recruiting via NodeSchool. I am only interesting in creating learning opportunities. I have no problem with you stating the obvious ;-).

Hi All:

Given the great response to this message chain, can someone with any NS organizational experience consider stepping up to either take the lead organizationally and/or have a phone chat with me about what we should do next? For example, I would love to chat with you @llkats if you are interested in leading or helping me.

Maybe @groundwater or @llkats can suggest a target date that we could use New Relic or Craigslist offices?

I think the following people have expressed interest. Please let me know if I missed anyone...

Host: @groundwater (new relic) @llkats (craigslist)
8+ Mentors: @maxogden @jedireza @maxogden @tlhunter @cantremember @johnmarkos @bengl @linclark
Organizers: @agminusthev
Helpers: @terinjokes
Unknown: @imurchie @dshaw @RichardLitt
Advice: @mikeal

Meanwhile, I will check out nodeschool/discussions#93 and research SFnode to per @dshaw advice.

Disclaimer: I am a newbie so please let me know if there is a better way to organize this and/or communicate.

Thanks!

duquet commented Dec 17, 2014

@dshaw, Understood and appreciated. I have no intention of recruiting via NodeSchool. I am only interesting in creating learning opportunities. I have no problem with you stating the obvious ;-).

Hi All:

Given the great response to this message chain, can someone with any NS organizational experience consider stepping up to either take the lead organizationally and/or have a phone chat with me about what we should do next? For example, I would love to chat with you @llkats if you are interested in leading or helping me.

Maybe @groundwater or @llkats can suggest a target date that we could use New Relic or Craigslist offices?

I think the following people have expressed interest. Please let me know if I missed anyone...

Host: @groundwater (new relic) @llkats (craigslist)
8+ Mentors: @maxogden @jedireza @maxogden @tlhunter @cantremember @johnmarkos @bengl @linclark
Organizers: @agminusthev
Helpers: @terinjokes
Unknown: @imurchie @dshaw @RichardLitt
Advice: @mikeal

Meanwhile, I will check out nodeschool/discussions#93 and research SFnode to per @dshaw advice.

Disclaimer: I am a newbie so please let me know if there is a better way to organize this and/or communicate.

Thanks!

@paulgrock

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@paulgrock

paulgrock Dec 18, 2014

I'm happy to help in anyway that is needed. I can help organize or mentor. Also, if Craigslist or New Relic aren't available we can have the nodeschool event at the Blizzard SF office.

I'm happy to help in anyway that is needed. I can help organize or mentor. Also, if Craigslist or New Relic aren't available we can have the nodeschool event at the Blizzard SF office.

@groundwater

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@groundwater

groundwater Dec 18, 2014

img_1099

our classroom space which we can probably use

img_1099

our classroom space which we can probably use

@duquet

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@duquet

duquet Dec 18, 2014

Pretty darn nice!

On Thu, Dec 18, 2014 at 1:08 PM, Jacob Groundwater <notifications@github.com

wrote:

[image: img_1099]
https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/538488/5495920/e5a58f80-86b6-11e4-8c21-53f41460fccd.JPG

our classroom space which we can probably use


Reply to this email directly or view it on GitHub
#92 (comment)
.

Andrew Duquet
Owner/Recruiter
Searchlight Systems
t:510.525.3200
andrew.duquet@gmail.com

duquet commented Dec 18, 2014

Pretty darn nice!

On Thu, Dec 18, 2014 at 1:08 PM, Jacob Groundwater <notifications@github.com

wrote:

[image: img_1099]
https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/538488/5495920/e5a58f80-86b6-11e4-8c21-53f41460fccd.JPG

our classroom space which we can probably use


Reply to this email directly or view it on GitHub
#92 (comment)
.

Andrew Duquet
Owner/Recruiter
Searchlight Systems
t:510.525.3200
andrew.duquet@gmail.com

@agminusthev

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@agminusthev

agminusthev Dec 19, 2014

@duquet Thank you for summarizing the comments from before. Conveniently, I'm one of the organizers for SFNode :D

First question: How many attendees do we want for the first event?
It was recommended we have a 5:1 ratio of attendees:mentors. We should consider capping the student headcount for the first event. Maybe 30 students and at least 6 mentors (8+ volunteers already!) Craigslist's event space can hold a max of 35 people and it looks like New Relic's class space has 32 chairs and can comfortably hold some extra bodies.

Second question: When? Weekday or weekend?
I'd think a Saturday so people don't have to take off work. Hopefully, this will make the event more accessible. From there we can figure out space availability and narrow down dates.

I'm tagging @maxogden since he kicked this off and @groundwater and @llkats since they volunteered their offices.

@duquet Thank you for summarizing the comments from before. Conveniently, I'm one of the organizers for SFNode :D

First question: How many attendees do we want for the first event?
It was recommended we have a 5:1 ratio of attendees:mentors. We should consider capping the student headcount for the first event. Maybe 30 students and at least 6 mentors (8+ volunteers already!) Craigslist's event space can hold a max of 35 people and it looks like New Relic's class space has 32 chairs and can comfortably hold some extra bodies.

Second question: When? Weekday or weekend?
I'd think a Saturday so people don't have to take off work. Hopefully, this will make the event more accessible. From there we can figure out space availability and narrow down dates.

I'm tagging @maxogden since he kicked this off and @groundwater and @llkats since they volunteered their offices.

@duquet

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@duquet

duquet Dec 19, 2014

I think @groundwater was first to volunteer so maybe we should ask him if
he has any preferences? I am totally open so for me 30 students sounds like
a nice round number and Saturday sounds good. Ideally we could vote but
that's probably too complicated so whatever @groundwater or @llkats thinks
is fine with me if everyone agrees.

On Thu, Dec 18, 2014 at 4:23 PM, Rebecca Siler notifications@github.com
wrote:

@duquet https://github.com/duquet Thank you for summarizing the
comments from before. Conveniently, I'm one of the organizers for SFNode :D

First question: How many attendees do we want for the first event?
It was recommended we have a 5:1 ratio of attendees:mentors. We should
consider capping the student headcount for the first event. Maybe 30
students and at least 6 mentors (8+ volunteers already!) Craigslist's event
space can hold a max of 35 people and it looks like New Relic's class space
has 32 chairs and can comfortably hold some extra bodies.

Second question: When? Weekday or weekend?
I'd think a Saturday so people don't have to take off work. Hopefully,
this will make the event more accessible. From there we can figure out
space availability and narrow down dates.

I'm tagging @maxogden https://github.com/maxogden since he kicked this
off and @groundwater https://github.com/groundwater and @llkats
https://github.com/llkats since they volunteered their offices.


Reply to this email directly or view it on GitHub
#92 (comment)
.

Andrew Duquet
Owner/Recruiter
Searchlight Systems
t:510.525.3200
andrew.duquet@gmail.com

duquet commented Dec 19, 2014

I think @groundwater was first to volunteer so maybe we should ask him if
he has any preferences? I am totally open so for me 30 students sounds like
a nice round number and Saturday sounds good. Ideally we could vote but
that's probably too complicated so whatever @groundwater or @llkats thinks
is fine with me if everyone agrees.

On Thu, Dec 18, 2014 at 4:23 PM, Rebecca Siler notifications@github.com
wrote:

@duquet https://github.com/duquet Thank you for summarizing the
comments from before. Conveniently, I'm one of the organizers for SFNode :D

First question: How many attendees do we want for the first event?
It was recommended we have a 5:1 ratio of attendees:mentors. We should
consider capping the student headcount for the first event. Maybe 30
students and at least 6 mentors (8+ volunteers already!) Craigslist's event
space can hold a max of 35 people and it looks like New Relic's class space
has 32 chairs and can comfortably hold some extra bodies.

Second question: When? Weekday or weekend?
I'd think a Saturday so people don't have to take off work. Hopefully,
this will make the event more accessible. From there we can figure out
space availability and narrow down dates.

I'm tagging @maxogden https://github.com/maxogden since he kicked this
off and @groundwater https://github.com/groundwater and @llkats
https://github.com/llkats since they volunteered their offices.


Reply to this email directly or view it on GitHub
#92 (comment)
.

Andrew Duquet
Owner/Recruiter
Searchlight Systems
t:510.525.3200
andrew.duquet@gmail.com

@llkats

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@llkats

llkats Dec 19, 2014

I don't know that we'd be able to open the office at craigslist on a weekend; I'd have to double-check on that. Hopefully @groundwater is cool with it. :)

llkats commented Dec 19, 2014

I don't know that we'd be able to open the office at craigslist on a weekend; I'd have to double-check on that. Hopefully @groundwater is cool with it. :)

@groundwater

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@groundwater

groundwater Dec 19, 2014

I will ask our events team!

I will ask our events team!

@dshaw

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@dshaw

dshaw Dec 20, 2014

@groundwater Impressive space!

dshaw commented Dec 20, 2014

@groundwater Impressive space!

@groundwater

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@groundwater

groundwater Dec 20, 2014

I've gotten a 90% yes on using the space (an exact date will help).

Weekends are okay, but it might be better to use the lounge area. That way we can provide food/drinks, and it's more open.

I've gotten a 90% yes on using the space (an exact date will help).

Weekends are okay, but it might be better to use the lounge area. That way we can provide food/drinks, and it's more open.

@agminusthev

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@agminusthev

agminusthev Dec 22, 2014

How about Saturday, January 31 or February 7?

@groundwater would you mind running these dates by your event team?

How about Saturday, January 31 or February 7?

@groundwater would you mind running these dates by your event team?

@groundwater

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@groundwater

groundwater Dec 22, 2014

Feb 7 looks good, but I have an obligation in Sacramento around 7pm. I'm assuming we will do this in the daytime?

Feb 7 looks good, but I have an obligation in Sacramento around 7pm. I'm assuming we will do this in the daytime?

@llkats

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@llkats

llkats Jan 5, 2015

+1 for the daytime. How long do events usually last? Could we do something like 12 - 5?

llkats commented Jan 5, 2015

+1 for the daytime. How long do events usually last? Could we do something like 12 - 5?

@linclark

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@linclark

linclark Jan 5, 2015

For the one at Double Union, I scheduled it for 4 hours, which I think is about the right length. So maybe 1pm-5pm? If we start it at 1pm, then I think we can get away with having lighter snacks.

linclark commented Jan 5, 2015

For the one at Double Union, I scheduled it for 4 hours, which I think is about the right length. So maybe 1pm-5pm? If we start it at 1pm, then I think we can get away with having lighter snacks.

@llkats

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@llkats

llkats Jan 5, 2015

Sounds good to me!! How does that work, @groundwater and everyone?

llkats commented Jan 5, 2015

Sounds good to me!! How does that work, @groundwater and everyone?

@jedireza

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@jedireza

jedireza Jan 5, 2015

Member

Feb 7th 1pm - 5pm works for me too.

Member

jedireza commented Jan 5, 2015

Feb 7th 1pm - 5pm works for me too.

@jasonrhodes

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@jasonrhodes

jasonrhodes Jan 5, 2015

Member

FWIW, in Baltimore this is exactly the format we use, 1-5pm, light snacks and drinks (if alcohol, we only serve for the last hour or two, but recently we dropped alcohol altogether). We usually do about 30 minutes of intro up front and jump into exercises after that, although I've heard people having a lot of success going through the first lesson or two together as a group.

Also, we ask people in advance to self-rate their JS skill level with 1-3 ratings, then we put their names on color-coded name tags and tell them to pair up with someone with the same color name tag. That's worked really well if you are interested in having people pair, which we've found to be really really successful.

Good luck! :)

Member

jasonrhodes commented Jan 5, 2015

FWIW, in Baltimore this is exactly the format we use, 1-5pm, light snacks and drinks (if alcohol, we only serve for the last hour or two, but recently we dropped alcohol altogether). We usually do about 30 minutes of intro up front and jump into exercises after that, although I've heard people having a lot of success going through the first lesson or two together as a group.

Also, we ask people in advance to self-rate their JS skill level with 1-3 ratings, then we put their names on color-coded name tags and tell them to pair up with someone with the same color name tag. That's worked really well if you are interested in having people pair, which we've found to be really really successful.

Good luck! :)

@RichardLitt

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@RichardLitt

RichardLitt Jan 6, 2015

Member

Works for me!

Member

RichardLitt commented Jan 6, 2015

Works for me!

@cantremember

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@cantremember

cantremember Jan 6, 2015

1-5pm sounds like a good plan -- but i'll have to bolt right @ 5

1-5pm sounds like a good plan -- but i'll have to bolt right @ 5

@llkats

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@llkats

llkats Jan 6, 2015

Thanks for the tips, @jasonrhodes!! Keep 'em coming if you think of any more! :)

llkats commented Jan 6, 2015

Thanks for the tips, @jasonrhodes!! Keep 'em coming if you think of any more! :)

@llkats

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@llkats

llkats Jan 7, 2015

Something that occurred to me: should we have signups or RSVPs?

llkats commented Jan 7, 2015

Something that occurred to me: should we have signups or RSVPs?

@linclark

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@linclark

linclark Jan 7, 2015

For the one at Double Union, we did $5 tickets through Tito to ensure that people showed up.

linclark commented Jan 7, 2015

For the one at Double Union, we did $5 tickets through Tito to ensure that people showed up.

@llkats

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@llkats

llkats Jan 7, 2015

Okay, cool, that sounds like a plan. I can set that up, just need confirmation from @groundwater on the date/times and I'm ready to start getting the word out!

llkats commented Jan 7, 2015

Okay, cool, that sounds like a plan. I can set that up, just need confirmation from @groundwater on the date/times and I'm ready to start getting the word out!

@RichardLitt

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@RichardLitt

RichardLitt Jan 7, 2015

Member

It'll also be useful to know tutors to students ratio, right?

Member

RichardLitt commented Jan 7, 2015

It'll also be useful to know tutors to students ratio, right?

@jedireza

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@jedireza

jedireza Jan 7, 2015

Member

Referring to: https://github.com/nodeschool/organizers/blob/master/README.md#how-to-start-a-new-nodeschool-chapter

We need a chapter owner (if we don't already have one). I'm happy to throw my name in that hat. Once that's done we can continue with the steps outlined.

woot

Member

jedireza commented Jan 7, 2015

Referring to: https://github.com/nodeschool/organizers/blob/master/README.md#how-to-start-a-new-nodeschool-chapter

We need a chapter owner (if we don't already have one). I'm happy to throw my name in that hat. Once that's done we can continue with the steps outlined.

woot

@llkats

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@llkats

llkats Jan 7, 2015

Yes, tutor to student ratio would be great to know. How do we solicit and track volunteers? Would this Github issue be fine to do that?

Seems to me like @duquet would be first in line to be the chapter owner, since he opened this thread!

llkats commented Jan 7, 2015

Yes, tutor to student ratio would be great to know. How do we solicit and track volunteers? Would this Github issue be fine to do that?

Seems to me like @duquet would be first in line to be the chapter owner, since he opened this thread!

@duquet

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@duquet

duquet Jan 7, 2015

Thanks, I would like that unless anyone objects.

On Wed, Jan 7, 2015 at 11:22 AM, Lydia Katsamberis <notifications@github.com

wrote:

Yes, tutor to student ratio would be great to know. How do we solicit and
track volunteers? Would this Github issue be fine to do that?

Seems to me like @duquet https://github.com/duquet would be first in
line to be the chapter owner, since he opened this thread!


Reply to this email directly or view it on GitHub
#92 (comment)
.

Andrew Duquet
Owner/Recruiter
Searchlight Systems
t:510.525.3200
andrew.duquet@gmail.com

duquet commented Jan 7, 2015

Thanks, I would like that unless anyone objects.

On Wed, Jan 7, 2015 at 11:22 AM, Lydia Katsamberis <notifications@github.com

wrote:

Yes, tutor to student ratio would be great to know. How do we solicit and
track volunteers? Would this Github issue be fine to do that?

Seems to me like @duquet https://github.com/duquet would be first in
line to be the chapter owner, since he opened this thread!


Reply to this email directly or view it on GitHub
#92 (comment)
.

Andrew Duquet
Owner/Recruiter
Searchlight Systems
t:510.525.3200
andrew.duquet@gmail.com

@jedireza

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@jedireza

jedireza Jan 7, 2015

Member

Sweet. @maxogden how do we get @duquet setup as an owner?

Member

jedireza commented Jan 7, 2015

Sweet. @maxogden how do we get @duquet setup as an owner?

@jasonrhodes

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@jasonrhodes

jasonrhodes Jan 7, 2015

Member

OK @duquet I added you as an owner. FYI there are chapters with multiple owners so let me know if you would like to add more. You can follow the steps in the README that you linked to above and get your chapter repo set up, then you can continue this conversation over there!

Member

jasonrhodes commented Jan 7, 2015

OK @duquet I added you as an owner. FYI there are chapters with multiple owners so let me know if you would like to add more. You can follow the steps in the README that you linked to above and get your chapter repo set up, then you can continue this conversation over there!

@jasonrhodes jasonrhodes closed this Jan 7, 2015

@groundwater

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@groundwater

groundwater Jan 8, 2015

I will confirm the time with our events planner tomorrow

I will confirm the time with our events planner tomorrow

@cantremember

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment

conversation moved to nodeschool/sanfrancisco#1

Sign up for free to join this conversation on GitHub. Already have an account? Sign in to comment